[Music.]
[Tom Turbiville]: Hello and welcome to Veterans of the Valley. I'm Tom Turbiville.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was called the bloodiest battle of World War II.
[Tom Turbiville]: Adolf Hitler was making one last push for victory in Europe.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was the showdown known as the Battle of the Bulge.
[Tom Turbiville]: From December the 16th, 1944 to January 25th, 1945 in the Ardennes Valley on the German-Belgium border.
[Tom Turbiville]: Three German armies versus three American armies, plus three divisions of British troops.
[Tom Turbiville]: When the Battle of the Bulge was done, 81,000 Americans, 100,000 Germans were either killed, captured, or wounded.
[Tom Turbiville]: 800 tanks were lost on each side.
[Tom Turbiville]: The Germans lost 1,000 aircraft.
[Tom Turbiville]: One of those Americans wounded was Armor Infantry Tech Sergeant Spec Gammon.
[Tom Turbiville]: Long retired now as Sports Information Director at Texas A&M, Spec Gammon and his wife Arla live in College Station.
[Tom Turbiville]: Spec, welcome.
[Tom Turbiville]: First off, thank you for your service.
[Tom Turbiville]: When we talked a few years ago about your service and the Battle of the Bulge, I know you talked about the weather.
[Spec Gammon]: at that time you're talking about in in the winter months and you said it was about as cold as you had ever been i guess that's one thing you remember about this was just how cold it was right oh it was it was the coldest i've ever been and uh we had foxholes there and if you and had put we dug side things down for our feet and i was lucky that i kept my feet up on mine but
[Spec Gammon]: When I got back in the hospital after I was wounded, there were a lot of soldiers who had gone to sleep and their feet had fallen down to the water and they had trench foot and just, they were black.
[Spec Gammon]: They were in great pain.
[Tom Turbiville]: A lot of people lost their feet actually.
[Tom Turbiville]: They had to be amputated, right, because of that?
[Spec Gammon]: Uh-huh.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: The Battle of the Bulls history tells us that that area, the Ardennes Forest, the Ardennes Valley, was really not a place that the Americans thought that the Germans would make this last push.
[Tom Turbiville]: So therefore, the Allied troops really didn't armor it very much.
[Tom Turbiville]: They really weren't there.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was a surprise to you that that's where the Germans picked to make their last push.
[Tom Turbiville]: A surprise to the Americans, right?
[Spec Gammon]: It did surprise the Americans, I think, yes.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about
[Tom Turbiville]: the Battle of the Bulge and talk about just what led up to that and where you were.
[Tom Turbiville]: What was your job in World War II?
[Tom Turbiville]: You were armor infantry.
[Tom Turbiville]: What was your job there leading up to that?
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I was a platoon sergeant in charge of a platoon, but we were in half tracks.
[Spec Gammon]: We weren't foot soldiers.
[Spec Gammon]: We were armored.
[Spec Gammon]: And we were just
[Spec Gammon]: driving on the Germans at this point and we thought the war was going to be over for long and we were surprised that they really made a stand there.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I know that one of the American divisions
[Tom Turbiville]: was sort of surrounded by the German divisions, and one of the humorous things that comes out of history is that the Germans asked the Americans to surrender, and there was a famous quote that came out of that, wasn't there?
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah, the commander said, nuts.
[Spec Gammon]: That was his answer to it.
[Spec Gammon]: He was not surrendering.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed, that was General Anthony McAuliffe who made one of the shorter but more famous quotes of the war.
[Tom Turbiville]: He said, nuts, he wasn't going to surrender.
[Tom Turbiville]: You dug foxholes to sort of keep yourself warm because of the weather, because of the snow and the ice.
[Tom Turbiville]: Made it very difficult to fight a war being that cold because you were just miserably cold just the entire time, right?
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I know that we had two wool outfits and you put on your wool pants
[Spec Gammon]: And you found enough copies of Star of the Straps newspaper to wrap around that and then put your other second pair of pants over it.
[Spec Gammon]: And actually that kept you fairly warm because the paper between the two pair of pants or shirts knocked off the wind.
[Spec Gammon]: Right, right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You had become a platoon leader.
[Tom Turbiville]: Is that right?
[Tom Turbiville]: Because I think the platoon leader of your outfit had actually been killed, right?
[Tom Turbiville]: So you were sort of promoted right there in the field.
[Tom Turbiville]: Is that right?
[Tom Turbiville]: Yes.
[Spec Gammon]: He was killed with shrapnel from a mortar.
[Spec Gammon]: And our captain said, okay, Sergeant Gammon, you're the platoon leader.
[Spec Gammon]: And that was it.
[Tom Turbiville]: You're a guy 20, 21 years old.
[Tom Turbiville]: your country guy, and here you find yourself in the middle of Europe, in the middle of World War II.
[Tom Turbiville]: People are shooting.
[Tom Turbiville]: I mean, there's armor.
[Tom Turbiville]: There's shells all around you.
[Tom Turbiville]: What do you remember?
[Tom Turbiville]: What were your thoughts then?
[Tom Turbiville]: Well, I was scared then.
[Spec Gammon]: And I think everybody in combat was scared, or they didn't have good sense, but they weren't.
[Spec Gammon]: They'd protect themselves, but we knew we had a job to do, and
[Spec Gammon]: And we'd been trained well enough that whatever job you were in the platoon, you knew what you were supposed to do.
[Tom Turbiville]: You talked about that with me when I first talked to you a few years ago about this, about that you had a job to do that it was very regimented in the Army.
[Tom Turbiville]: And that was something that you really weren't used to, especially because you were a journalist.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were sort of trained to think on your own.
[Tom Turbiville]: But you weren't really allowed to do that in the Army.
[Tom Turbiville]: That was one thing that you didn't like, is just the regiment and not really be able to think for yourself.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that.
[Spec Gammon]: That's true, yes.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: How did you overcome that?
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, I don't know.
[Spec Gammon]: You have to adjust from what you had been doing and adjust to the Army way, the military way.
[Tom Turbiville]: coming out of a background of journalism and you wanted to be a journalist to get the story right, do you think that you viewed your service and you viewed the war a little bit differently with a journalism type of background?
[Spec Gammon]: Did I do what now?
[Tom Turbiville]: Did you view the war differently in your service because of your journalism thinking, your journalism background?
[Tom Turbiville]: Do you think you viewed things a little bit differently?
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, probably I did.
[Spec Gammon]: I thought it was more of a,
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I don't know how to describe it, but because of being in journalism, I thought it was a story.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were looking at the story besides looking at the battle that you were fighting also.
[Tom Turbiville]: There was a story you talked about a hayfield with haystacks when you were first going in.
[Spec Gammon]: Well, we were moving in and...
[Spec Gammon]: and all of our vehicles came to a halt, and all the soldiers off were moving forward.
[Spec Gammon]: And they hadn't been gone but about five minutes, and one of the drivers of the vehicle, just to be doing something, turned his machine gun over and shot into a haystack.
[Spec Gammon]: And all of a sudden, the haystacks bursted open all around, and Germans came out with their hands up.
[Spec Gammon]: And the drivers really...
[Spec Gammon]: laid it on the other guys and they got back and said, look, we captured while you guys were gone.
[Tom Turbiville]: Maybe the driver should be handling the guns.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah, indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: Let's go to the actual time that you were wounded.
[Tom Turbiville]: What specific memories do you have of that before, how you were wounded, what happened, and just sort of your memories about when you were actually wounded during the war?
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I was wounded by mortar shrapnel that went over
[Spec Gammon]: back and exploded behind me and and came up and hit me in the butt or in the hip and knocked me forward and actually i wasn't hurt bad but the medic in our group saw that i had shrapnel inside my hip and immediately had me sent back to the hospital
[Tom Turbiville]: Were you able to, I mean, you were knocked down.
[Tom Turbiville]: Were you able to get up or were you down?
[Spec Gammon]: I could get up and walk and everything.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Spec Gammon]: The medics just had their orders what to do when somebody got hit.
[Spec Gammon]: And of course, I was glad to get out of it myself.
[Tom Turbiville]: What time of day was this?
[Tom Turbiville]: What time of day did this happen?
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, I think it happened somewhere around mid-morning.
[Spec Gammon]: 9, 10, 11 o'clock, somewhere in there.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, right.
[Tom Turbiville]: And so you were hit.
[Tom Turbiville]: The medics looked at you and said, this guy needs to go get patched up.
[Tom Turbiville]: And so you were off for a while.
[Tom Turbiville]: Where were you sent?
[Spec Gammon]: I was sent back to the hospital in Paris.
[Tom Turbiville]: In Paris?
[Tom Turbiville]: And how long were you there?
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, I never did go back into action.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Spec Gammon]: I don't know exactly how long I was there.
[Spec Gammon]: The war was over soon after that.
[Spec Gammon]: Indeed.
[Spec Gammon]: And then I was, I read and started in stripes that if you didn't have enough points to get a discharge from the war is over, that
[Spec Gammon]: you could apply to go to a school in London or in England, Arts and Crafts College.
[Spec Gammon]: And I thought I'd like to do that, so I applied and was sent to London where I stayed, oh, I think an arts and crafts school there for about three or four months before I finally was shipped home.
[Tom Turbiville]: What did you study?
[Tom Turbiville]: Arts and crafts.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Spec Gammon]: I didn't know what it was until I got there.
[Tom Turbiville]: You liked the service.
[Tom Turbiville]: Other than the conflict part of it, you enjoyed being in the service, the camaraderie with your friends and all that.
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, I did.
[Spec Gammon]: At the end of basic training in the service, I was in the best physical shape I've ever been in my life, before or after, because basic training was really tough.
[Spec Gammon]: But I was at the age of 20, 21, and I really got in great physical shape at that time.
[Tom Turbiville]: You weren't allowed to go home.
[Tom Turbiville]: You didn't have enough points to go home, but you went to this college in London.
[Tom Turbiville]: But while you were in the hospital, I know you told me one time that that was when you read in Stars and Stripes about the battle that you had been in.
[Spec Gammon]: Yes.
[Spec Gammon]: I didn't know there had been such a battle.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: And that it was the bloodiest battle of the war, the most costly, at least for a single battle for Americans in the war.
[Tom Turbiville]: But at the time you were fighting it, you didn't know that.
[Tom Turbiville]: I guess only the generals knew about that, right?
[Spec Gammon]: I was fortunate, I think, to have been wounded and got out of it.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah, when you think, because I believe about 19,000 Americans actually died in it, and many more than that were either wounded or captured.
[Tom Turbiville]: So being slightly wounded probably helped you survive the war, I guess.
[Spec Gammon]: That's right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: So...
[Tom Turbiville]: You told me one time, and I thought that this was very fascinating, about your own personal respect for the British soldier and what they went through in the war.
[Tom Turbiville]: Of course, they were obviously involved in World War II before Pearl Harbor, before the Americans got involved in it.
[Tom Turbiville]: And while you were over there, while you were in the hospital, you really developed a respect for the British soldier.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that and why.
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I thought the British, I don't know how to explain it, but...
[Spec Gammon]: Something about the stiff upper lip.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Spec Gammon]: That they had fought the war themselves before we ever joined them.
[Spec Gammon]: And they had shown great courage and a stiff upper lip, as they called it, to be the ones that were holding off that
[Spec Gammon]: that wasn't going to let them invade England anyway.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, because a lot of the war was fought on their soil.
[Tom Turbiville]: You go over there today and there's still areas where the war is still left its scars.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Obviously.
[Tom Turbiville]: Let's rewind to how you got into the service.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were in Oklahoma, I guess.
[Tom Turbiville]: And what were the circumstances that you got into the service and eventually involved in World War II, your basic training?
[Tom Turbiville]: Sort of take us through that part of your resume.
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I'd finished junior college at Eastern Oklahoma A&M and Wilburton.
[Spec Gammon]: And my papers were going into service where in my hometown of Colgate.
[Spec Gammon]: But I had two brothers in Detroit, Michigan.
[Spec Gammon]: When I got out of junior college, I hadn't been drafted, so I had the papers transferred from Colgate up to Detroit.
[Spec Gammon]: And I went up to where my brothers were, and I got a job in the factory, automobile factory.
[Spec Gammon]: And I waited there until my paper, until I was mobilized.
[Spec Gammon]: And I was sent to
[Spec Gammon]: Leesville, Louisiana, Camp Polk.
[Spec Gammon]: And they were forming a new division there, it was the 11th Armored Division.
[Spec Gammon]: And I had, I guess it was pretty high IQ.
[Spec Gammon]: When I got there, since all of us were just coming in to form this new division, I didn't do any KP, I didn't do any guard duty, and I was made corporal about a week after I was there.
[Spec Gammon]: I never served guard duty, kitchen police, or any of those things.
[Spec Gammon]: I was very fortunate, I think.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: So you went to Louisiana for your basic training, is that right?
[Tom Turbiville]: And then from there, you were assigned to go to Europe, is that right?
[Spec Gammon]: Well, we went to Abilene, Texas for a brief stay.
[Spec Gammon]: And then we were sent to Camp Cook, California.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Spec Gammon]: And then we got on a train and went all the way across the country to
[Spec Gammon]: to New Jersey and from there we got on a boat to go to England and then from there across the channel over to France.
[Tom Turbiville]: Was the Battle of the Bulge the first really resistance that you personally had seen as far as battle or were there other scary times before that?
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, we had some little but not much because
[Spec Gammon]: We weren't up in the forefront of the surge against the Germans, so we didn't get into it, really, until we got up to the Battle of the Bulge.
[Tom Turbiville]: And that was enough for you, obviously.
[Spec Gammon]: You bet.
[Tom Turbiville]: When you got out of the, you know exactly how long you served, I know.
[Tom Turbiville]: You told me one time to the day how long your service was.
[Tom Turbiville]: Do you still remember today?
[Spec Gammon]: I think it was three years, three months, and 13 days.
[Tom Turbiville]: That's what you told me four years ago when we first talked about this.
[Tom Turbiville]: That time span will never leave your mind.
[Tom Turbiville]: What you told me, though, that's for any young man from age 20 to 23, that's really the most vibrant, important years of their young life.
[Tom Turbiville]: And you were obviously aware of that, that that's how you were spending your youth.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: Any regrets on that now?
[Spec Gammon]: Oh...
[Spec Gammon]: I wouldn't take for the experience and the memories, but I wish I hadn't had to do that.
[Spec Gammon]: Indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: But you survived it to tell about it and to have a career after the service.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I want to talk about that because, Beck, you and I have known each other for a long, long time.
[Tom Turbiville]: through both of our involvements in athletics.
[Tom Turbiville]: For 20 years, you were the sports information director here at Texas A&M from 1963 to 1983.
[Tom Turbiville]: And you got in that sort of through the same way I got into it as I followed you in 1984 in that sports information role.
[Tom Turbiville]: You got in it through the journalism route.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were a writer in West Texas.
[Tom Turbiville]: Sort of take us through that trail.
[Spec Gammon]: Well, I was a writer in Borger.
[Spec Gammon]: Amarillo and then down to Odessa where I spent 13 years as sports editor there and Jim Lindsay was the editor of a Midland reporter telegram and he was a big friend of
[Spec Gammon]: I'd been in service with Earl Rudder, he was president at A&M, and Lindsey joined Rudder at Texas A&M, and an opening came up, and Hank Foberg's, or Lindsey talked to Hank Foberg about
[Spec Gammon]: hiring me.
[Spec Gammon]: And that's how I came into Texas A&M and to join that staff.
[Tom Turbiville]: So you got out of sports writing and into the sort of the other side of the desk as far as being, they call it now media relations.
[Tom Turbiville]: Back then we were just SIDs, Sports Information Directors.
[Tom Turbiville]: And boy, has that job changed.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yes.
[Tom Turbiville]: Well, you know, when I first got into the business in 1978,
[Tom Turbiville]: which probably you doesn't seem like that, that long ago, 1978.
[Tom Turbiville]: I remember when I first got in the business was we were first getting a word processors, much less computers or, you know, what they call fax machines.
[Tom Turbiville]: Now we, you and I call telecopiers and it took six minutes for one page to go across, across the line.
[Tom Turbiville]: But the business has really changed now with the internet and with cell phones and computers and, and all of that.
[Tom Turbiville]: I kind of liked the way that we did it, you know, back then where,
[Tom Turbiville]: where a sports writer would actually type on a typewriter.
[Spec Gammon]: Correct.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah, that's what you'd do.
[Tom Turbiville]: You would pound on not even an electric typewriter, I guess, when you were.
[Spec Gammon]: No, that was a manual.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was a manual typewriter and just pounded out the stories.
[Tom Turbiville]: Sports information director during that two-decade span from 63 to 83.
[Tom Turbiville]: Obviously, you were here during the entire Gene Stallings era as he was the head football coach and Emory Ballard.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about those times, some of the highlights of Texas A&M athletics then.
[Tom Turbiville]: One of them has to be winning that conference championship, I guess, in 1967 and winning the Cotton Bowl over Alabama.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were the sports information director at that time.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about what you remember about that season.
[Spec Gammon]: The biggest thing I remember about that when I think back on it is when the game was over that Bear Bryant walked out on the field and picked up Stallings and carried him around in his arms.
[Spec Gammon]: That Stallings had upset his old master.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, right.
[Tom Turbiville]: That's a very famous photograph.
[Tom Turbiville]: So I guess you were down on the field right there and were watching that?
[Tom Turbiville]: Were you down on the field at the time?
[Tom Turbiville]: Well, I was still in the press box.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were still up in the press box.
[Tom Turbiville]: But you saw that.
[Tom Turbiville]: But working for Coach Stallings and then Emory Ballard came along.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I guess from the Emory Ballard era, one of the things that you remember is the fact that
[Tom Turbiville]: This fellow in the middle of the season quit in the middle of the season.
[Tom Turbiville]: For a sports information director, that had to be a memorable time.
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah, and it was a sad time, too, and a hard time to handle.
[Spec Gammon]: Trying to, well, you couldn't explain why he quit, you know, to the writers wanting to know what happened, what happened.
[Spec Gammon]: No, that was a shock to me.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You had no idea that that was going to happen.
[Spec Gammon]: No, no.
[Tom Turbiville]: That was 1978.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: Was that time?
[Spec Gammon]: No, I had no idea it was going to happen.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: And then Tom Wilson came along.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I know that Tom's a good man.
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, yes.
[Spec Gammon]: And the first play he ran was a touchdown.
[Spec Gammon]: He had to, I forget who the passer was, but I know he told him to throw it just as far as you can and his receiver to get him down.
[Spec Gammon]: And they completed about a 70, 80-yard touchdown pass on the first play.
[Spec Gammon]: On the first play.
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah.
[Spec Gammon]: First player.
[Tom Turbiville]: Overall, looking at your 20 years in athletics here at Texas A&M, just what are your thoughts as you look back at it?
[Tom Turbiville]: What was the best part of being here for that 20-year part of A&M athletic history?
[Spec Gammon]: Well, the best part was being connected with Texas A&M, which I think is a tremendous university.
[Spec Gammon]: And the athletic were good.
[Spec Gammon]: And a lot of very fine young men came through and competed in the school's football program and other sports too.
[Spec Gammon]: But that's one thing that I've
[Spec Gammon]: Really enjoyed and I look back on with very fondness.
[Tom Turbiville]: Lots of athletes that came through that went on to professional sports and professional athletics, professional football, basketball, track and field.
[Tom Turbiville]: I know you were real interested in track and field also and really all of the sports.
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, yes.
[Spec Gammon]: There were some great ones, like Dave Elmendorf was one of the great ones in both baseball and football.
[Spec Gammon]: Right.
[Spec Gammon]: And there were many others.
[Tom Turbiville]: Curtis Dickey?
[Spec Gammon]: Curtis Dickey.
[Tom Turbiville]: Football and track?
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah.
[Spec Gammon]: Indeed.
[Spec Gammon]: And a lot of big, good...
[Spec Gammon]: football linemen, defensively and offensively.
[Spec Gammon]: Their names don't pop up in my mind right now, but there were some good ones.
[Tom Turbiville]: And of course, from the basketball side, you and Shelby Metcalf went through that whole 20 years together from the basketball side.
[Tom Turbiville]: You saw an awful lot of
[Tom Turbiville]: of Shelby's wins, and he had an awful lot of them in the Southwest Conference.
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, he did.
[Spec Gammon]: Shelby was a tremendous basketball coach.
[Spec Gammon]: He knew the game well, and he knew how to handle players well.
[Spec Gammon]: And I think his teams won a lot of ball games they weren't supposed to win because of him.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, right.
[Tom Turbiville]: And then track and field, of course, you were here for most of Charlie Thomas's, I guess, reign.
[Tom Turbiville]: And then when Ted Nelson took over in track and field, those old Southwest Conference days, that was a great time.
[Tom Turbiville]: And from your vantage point, a lot of the writers back then, the sports writers, that's changed an awful lot, too, the sports writing business.
[Tom Turbiville]: There were some great legends that you got to work with from the sports writing business.
[Tom Turbiville]: Good friends, too.
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, yeah, like Dave Campbell out of Waco and Bill Van Fleet from Fort Worth.
[Spec Gammon]: There's a bunch of good ones.
[Tom Turbiville]: You bet.
[Tom Turbiville]: Dan Cook down in San Antonio and up in Dallas and a lot of the folks that I got to work with, too, after I... Blackie Sheridan, Dallas, yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: You bet, that I got to work with in that job.
[Tom Turbiville]: before we uh we leave i want to go back to uh to your service again in uh in in world war ii uh later on when you were sports information director
here that didn't really come out that part of your resume the fact that you were that you served in the war that you were involved in the battle of the bulge that you
were wounded in the battle of the bulge you sort of look at that as that was one compartment of your life this is another compartment of your life it's nothing that you really dwelled on is that right
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah, I didn't dwell on that after I got out of it.
[Spec Gammon]: Tried to forget it.
[Tom Turbiville]: But it was still a proud time of your life, right?
[Tom Turbiville]: I mean, proud to serve.
[Spec Gammon]: Oh, yes, yes.
[Tom Turbiville]: Before we have a chance to go, right now you're working through an injury, but you're about to be back on the golf course again.
[Tom Turbiville]: Is that right?
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah, I got a little pulled hamstring.
[Spec Gammon]: Yeah.
[Spec Gammon]: I'll be back for long.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: Spec is one of the fine senior golfers around this.
[Tom Turbiville]: As a matter of fact, you might not remember this, but I was actually playing with you on the back nine at Bryan Municipal Golf Course the day that you shot a 63.
[Tom Turbiville]: I played with you those last nine holes.
[Tom Turbiville]: I don't know if you remember that or not, but you remember shooting that 63 at Bryan Municipal Golf Course, don't you?
[Spec Gammon]: And I had a 62 and a 63 there within about a two-week period.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Spec Gammon]: No longer, though.
[Tom Turbiville]: And he's still pretty strong about that.
[Tom Turbiville]: Absolutely.
[Tom Turbiville]: Spec Gammon, thank you for being with us today.
[Spec Gammon]: Well, thank you, Tom, for having me.
[Tom Turbiville]: Thank you.
[Tom Turbiville]: The winner that joined 1944 to 1945 was certainly one of the most historic of all wars.
[Tom Turbiville]: Hitler's final defeat led to Germany's surrender, but it came at a mighty price on all sides.
[Tom Turbiville]: The German offensive, called the Battle of the Bulge, was the worst conflict in terms of losses to American forces in the war.
[Tom Turbiville]: We salute all the veterans today and a special thanks to Spec Gammon for his brave service in World War II.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'm Tom Turbiville for our underwriter, First National Bank.
[Tom Turbiville]: Please join us next time on Veterans of the Valley.
[Music.]